sixtwelve

sixtwelve was created in week 5 of Launch Academy which was the first week
our cohort learned Rails.

I was initially approached with a problem that a church in Southern California
was having regarding the ability to share prayers amongst groups within a
single church.

sixtwelve was created to address this issue for them. The goal for sixtwelve
was to create a medium for groups to share their prayers exclusively with their
group members. When planning the user stories and database for this web app,
I took into consideration building this web app not only for this particular
church but for this site to handle multiple churches.

http://sixtwelve.herokuapp.com

Getting Started
* Please sign in with facebook.
* For the purposes of touring the site please click on 'Request to join'
  for the group 'Lawrence's group'.
* I will promptly grant access to that group so that you may tour the
  user experience.

Current Features
* Users login with Facebook
* Users are able to see all groups on index page.
* Users must request to join a particular group.
* Admin page with the ability to create members and groups
* Users are able to see a list of their group members.
* Users are able to join multiple groups.
* Users are able to post new prayers.
* Users are able to comment on prayers.
* Users are only able to delete and edit prayers they have created.
* Users are only able to delete the comments they have created.
* Admins are able to delete members on the groups show page.
* Prayers and comments will paginate at 15.

Features Being/To Be Implemented
* Rspec with Capybara and FactoryGirl
* Certain users will be given moderator roles to handle their church's groups.
* Users will be able to search for prayers through title or description.
* Users will only be able to request to join a group once to avoid accidential or
  user misuse.
* Community groups open to all users to come together regarding current events.

Built using Ruby, HTML, CSS with Rails
